Neal
let's not beat around the bush garsh Oz
is a poor man's got a war it's got the
cinematic camera angles the QuickTime
events even the same method of
replenishing health and yet on the
conceptual level garsh Oz the monster
slayer is pretty ambitious for an indie
game and it's got the right idea
it's got a lovely art design the music
is pompous and a great narrator drop
story bits in his deep baritone now that
the flame of the warrior's fury had
receded a little there was something
other than revenge to ponder the one
thing that had brought you to us to the
town of adios the object that our bond
had lost his life defending the mace of
trip the idea is epic it's the execution
that lets the game down broken collision
detection control problems frustrating
wall sliding sections and other basic
faults drag down the combat and
exploration
garsh Oz just can't deliver on its lofty
ambitions yet you can tell that the
vision was solid the game is based on
Persian mythology and has you as hero
Garchomp making your way through a
number of good-looking environments
visuals are hardly best-in-class but the
art has a great look the cameras whoop
surround trying to emulate a fantasy
film a narrator fills you in on why
you're slicing up monsters the few
cutscenes are surprisingly high-quality
- though you'll never feel totally
involved in the story such as it is the
voice-over might hint at the basics but
it's no substitute for experiencing a
story firsthand it's too bad that the
execution lets down the vision combat is
fine on a basic level you string white
and heavy attacks in the combos finish
off big monsters with QuickTime events
and take on a few big bosses but none of
it feels quite right in part because of
the busted collision detection your
sword Clips right through enemies
constantly animations are stuttery
and sound effects slack looms as a
result combat doesn't have much impact
and doesn't feel as fluid as it should
the collision issues affecting movement
as well objects are surrounded by
invisible cushions which hurts a few of
the platforming sections the swooping
camera doesn't help things sometimes
making it hard to judge depth but
Garcias worst parts involves sliding
down walls the final one in particular
is awful the controls just don't do a
good job at all of adjusting to varied
camera angles jumping from wall to wall
while sliding down avoiding spinning
blades is an absolute mess as a result
especially if you're using a controller
there's so many other problems that
would be tough to list them all the
annoyingly inconsistent grab mechanic
animation glitches bugs and so on and
yet Garchomp the monster slayer isn't
completely broken just very very sloppy
and it's got the right idea its mix of
combat platforming and lever pulling
gives this third-person action game a
really good pace but while the concept
was there the delivery was messy heart
means a lot but it isn't enough to make
car shows a sure buy